You really never know
what life's going to throw at you.
Never thought I'd end up
in a place like this with Kazumi.
Himari.
Come here.
Well then, let's end our friendship now.
Kazumi and I are best friends,
so how did this happen?
[That morning]
Himari.
- Morning.
- Good morning, Kazumi.
Hey, did you hear from Tomoya?
Yeah! I was shocked. I had no idea.
Did you know, Kazumi?
He told me about six months ago,
that he was thinking of marrying someone.
What? You should've told me!
Looks like he only told
the guys in our group.
Besides, this is the kind of thing
you should hear from him directly.
Why? We've known each other forever.
It's like that sometimes.
Anyway,
what do we buy him?
Should we all pitch in or buy separately?
Hard to say.
Let's hold a strategy meeting.
You just want to drink.
No, it's a strategy meeting.
We drink every week.
This is different from that.
Yeah, yeah.
Alright, then, the usual place tonight.
Better make sure I get my work done early.
Oh, I'll bring the manuscript today,
so could you take a look at it early?
The schedule's pretty tight.
Fine, fine.
Bring it over later.
You're a lifesaver!
[Vextos]
Hojo.
Could you do a final check
on tomorrow's press release?
Thanks. Your speed is a great help.
Yeah, looks good. No issues here.
Got it, thank you.
Hojo, is now a good time?
Sure, go ahead.
Here's the Fukuoka branch poster.
The person in charge over there
wanted to emphasize local ties,
so they used
handwritten messages and photos.
I see.
The design is approachable,
and the large photos
make the local focus really clear.
Thank you.
But I can't approve it like this.
The photos and messages are so large,
the key info isn't big enough.
I understand the sentiment,
but let's cut back
on the photos and messages.
But isn't that too ordinary?
Their feelings are what give it impact.
Nihei.
It's not about feelings.
It's about readability and understanding.
Understood.
Did I upset him?
I'm not trying to shoot him down, but...
It's hard to get that across.
It's okay.
I'm sure Nihei understands.
Nihei.
What's up?
I figured you didn't like what he said.
Well... I get what he was saying,
but it feels like he's putting me in a box.
Like a cog in a machine.
Hojo is just being genuine.
Genuine.
Yeah.
The branch office's feelings matter,
but that's not the goal, right?
Passion alone isn't enough to convince Hojo.
We need something reliable,
yet fun to read for everyone.
We need that kind of presentation.
Presentation.
Exactly. Presentation.
Shibasaki, there you are.
Wanna have lunch together?
Sure.
What about you?
I'll have cup noodles at my desk.
Got it.
Too bad.
- I'll go grab mine.
- Okay.
What? You did it
four times with your boyfriend?
Shush!
Keep it down, Ando.
Sorry.
But four times is crazy.
I mean, it can happen.
Right, Shibasaki?
F-Four times?
I-I'm jealous!
She gets like this sometimes.
Shibasaki?
Oh. Sorry.
I was just so shocked.
Yeah, right?
Don't you get bored?
That's where creativity comes in.
You ask them what they're into,
and then you try it.
So you tell each other your kinks?
Well, I guess so.
No way, I could never.
But how else will they know?
It's normal communication.
I mean, sure, but...
Could you, Shibasaki?
Being that open about yourself
is a dream come true.
She's doing it a lot today.
Shibasaki!
Huh?
I don't think I could...
I mean, what if they get turned off by it?
So I admire people who can.
It's like they're truly loved.
Huh?
That's surprising.
I thought you were the more easy-going type.
Don't you have a boyfriend now?
Not since we broke up half a year ago.
All my breakups were mainly
due to mismatched sex lives.
Being able to talk openly
about frequency and preferences...
Honestly, I envy that.
But...
I think I could say that stuff
to a friend instead of a boyfriend.
I get that!
With a boyfriend, you overthink things
because you don't want to be disliked.
If it's a friend,
even if you fight, you can just make up.
But with a lover, worst case, it's over.
Aw, jeez.
I wish there was someone out there
who could satisfy both heart and body.
Yeah, like that.
I really like hands like that.
You dropped your handkerchief.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, it's just Kazumi.
Wow, he's so easy on the eyes.
Huh?
He's handsome, refreshing, and nice, right?
You think so?
By the way, you two are friends, right?
Yeah, I guess so.
Friends since college.
I just can't get rid of him.
Is he really single?
He looks like he'd be popular.
Yeah, that's what I heard.
Both of you are really surprising.
Why don't you two have partners?
Why?
I'd like to know too!
Blew a fuse, huh?
All my friends from college
have gotten married one by one.
In the end, you and I are all that are left.
The leftovers, huh?
Gosh, don't say it so bluntly!
Okay, okay, sorry.
Why are you so relaxed about this?
I just don't think I need to rush.
Why?
Actually, you haven't had a girlfriend
for a while, have you, Kazumi?
I probably haven't had one
since we met, Himari.
Huh?
Kazumi, do you have a sex drive?
That's sudden.
Of course I do. I'm a man.
- Oh?
- You don't care?
No, it's not that.
It's just... with the way I look...
If I say I have a sex drive...
would it be a turn-off?
I think that's awesome.
It's the guy that's the problem.
I'm being serious here!
Things like the number of times,
frequency, and duration all matter.
Yeah, if only you could know
your compatibility first.
Exactly!
What's a good way to figure it out?
- I don't think there is one.
- Seriously?
Hey! What was that for?
Here.
How do you even find
someone you're compatible with?
Yeah, that's the tough part.
Do you have anyone you like?
I'm not really sure.
You don't know yourself?
Your own feelings
are the hardest to figure out.
Hey!
We used to vent like this in college too,
didn't we?
I got dumped!
Huh? But you two seemed so close.
He said I wasn't what he expected.
He wanted someone more mature and refined.
I tried to be what he wanted, but...
I see...
Yeah, but I couldn't be myself
anymore anyway.
Maybe it's a good thing.
It was for the best.
He knew nothing about you.
You can be unexpectedly stubborn
and rough around the edges.
Was that an insult?
No way, I'm just stating the facts.
Mean.
What about you?
Someone asked you out again, right?
Oh, right.
But I don't think I'll date them.
Why?
Same reason as before.
They have expectations,
and then leave when you don't meet them.
That's why you're great.
You don't expect anything from me.
Nor do you want anything.
It's so easy with you.
When you're just friends,
it's so easy to talk about anything.
If I put a letter in a bottle
and threw it into the river,
would I meet a handsome,
kind, compatible guy from abroad?
"I have a high sex drive. Is that okay?"
Come on.
But even if someone found it,
I still wouldn't think he was the one.
You okay?
Have some water.
Thanks.
Maybe I'll just put the letter
in this plastic bottle.
Where's the romance in that?
Hey, shut up.
Sorry.
I'll wipe that off.
I think compatibility...
is hard to know until you give it a try.
Huh?
Yeah, that's true.
Well then, wanna try with me?
Huh?
Just think about it.
Starting with "Nice to meet you"
and "What's your hobby"
sounds exhausting, right?
I mean, sure, but...
I already know your struggles, Himari,
and I'm a good guy, as you can see.
Hey, even as a joke,
that's not funny, Kazumi.
I'm serious.
Come here.
Huh? Wait...
I knew that Kazumi
always shared how he really felt,
and that made me happy.
But I also sensed
that he was holding back somewhere,
and there was a line he never crossed.
And yet...
Hojo?
What's wrong?
I'm suddenly getting thirsty.
Maybe I should go buy some water.
They have water here.
Oh, they do.
Himari.
Come here.
Well then, let's end our friendship now.
You were acting? What a turnoff.
You're so loud.
Kazumi.
On second thought...
Are you not okay with me?
No, that's not it.
Is it since we're friends?
Are you scared?
It must've been hard,
being rejected for who you are.
There's no need to worry now.
You can be whoever you are.
I will always like you.
How can you be so sure?
Why do you think?
Kazumi.
Is it okay for us... to do this?
Don't overthink it.
Forget everything else...
and just focus on what feels good.
Kazumi's words have a strange effect on me.
They always make me feel at ease.
Even though he never
goes into the actual details.
His quiet breathing...
The warmth of his chest
as I bury my face in it...
The strength in his arms...
The gentle warmth
of his skin enveloping me...
It's all wrapping around me.
It's not the usual Kazumi.
Yet it feels so familiar.
I sink deeper into that comfort.
Deeper and deeper.
I've done it now!
Well then, let's end our friendship now.
Just focus on what feels good.
What's wrong?
Huh?
It's nothing.
I crossed the line with my best friend!
I might not be able to look him in the eye.
Don't run away.
I won't let things end like that.
I'm scared of things changing.
Just what I expect
from the most popular girl in the company.
Should we go back...
To just being friends?